New VPC DHCP features (#151)
githedgehog/docs: docs/user-guide/vpcs.md

A Permit list contains a list. Every element of the list is a set of subnets that can communicate with each other.

### DHCP Server

> The included DHCP server will set the option for the default route pointing to the gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The included DHCP server sets the option for the default route pointing to the gateway
```

address of the VPC. If the default route of the end hosts should not be managed by the fabric
DHCP server, add `disableDefaultRoute: true` to the DHCP subnet spec inside of the VPC.

If additional routes are to be distributed to the end hosts inside of a VPC add
them as a YAML array in the DHCP subnet spec. A full list of options for the

> DHCP spec can be found [here](../reference/fabric-api.md#dhcpsubnetspec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DHCP spec can be found in [the Fabric API reference](../reference/fabric-api.md#dhcpsubnetspec).
```

Distributing additional routes via DHCP is independent of the
`disableDefaultRoute` setting. A user can distribute routes via the fabric DHCP
server even if the `disableDefaultRoute` is set to `true`. The additional
routes are advertised via DHCP option 121.

> 

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think we should document it here too

  Fabric and will be in `VrfV<VPC-name>` format, for example `VrfVvpc-1` for a VPC named `vpc-1` in the Fabric API.
* _CircuitID_ (suboption 1) identifies the VLAN which, together with the VRF (VPC) name, maps to a specific VPC subnet.

> 

Reviewer: No need
